OpenSearch: add dedicated user for Filebeat (#3079) (#3221)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/DATABASES.md

  cluster_name: EpiphanyOpenSearch
```

> By default, OpenSearch Dashboards (previously Kibana component) is deployed only for `logging` component. If you want to deploy it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, OpenSearch Dashboards (previously Kibana) is deployed only for `logging` component. If you want to deploy it
```
Kibana was not component in Epiphany terms - it was a feature :)

for `opensearch` component you have to:
- modify feature mapping by adding `opensearch-dashboards` under `opensearch` component (see configuration below)

> - setup `kibanaserver` user and its password in `configuration/opensearch`, see [Opensearch user and password configuration](./MONITORING.md#opensearch-component)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- set up `kibanaserver` user and its password in `configuration/opensearch`, see [OpenSearch user and password configuration](./MONITORING.md#opensearch-component)
```
